Add `fill` prop to `YouTubeVideoBlock` and `DamVideoBlock` (#2295)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/ninety-countries-chew.md

---

> "@comet/cms-site": patch

Reviewer: Wouldn't this be a `minor` change, since this is adding a new feature?

```suggestion
"@comet/cms-site": minor
```

---

> Add optional `fill` prop to `YouTubeVideo` and `DamVideo` block to support same behaviour as `PixelImage` block. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add optional `fill` prop to `YouTubeVideoBlock` and `DamVideoBlock` to support same behavior as in `PixelImageBlock` 
```
